O que é IP address? 
  "Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. typically still refers to 32-bit IPv4 addresses".
Como computadores conectados a internet podem ser encontrados?
  Any Internet-connected computer can be reached through a public IP Address, either an IPv4 address (e.g. 192.0.2.172) or an IPv6 address (e.g., 2001:db8:8b73:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:1337).

Estrutura de domain names:
1- separated by dots and read from right to left
 TLD (Top-Level Domain) 
  The most generic TLDs (.com, .org, .net) don't require web services to meet any particular criteria
 Local TLDs só podem ser usados em determinada lingua ou pais. (.us, .fr e .se)

 TLDs containing .gov are only allowed to be used by government departments.
 The .edu TLD is only for use by educational and academic institutions.

 A TLD's maximum length is 63 characters


 Label (or component)
 pode conter letras de A ate Z, 0 a 9 e o carater '_' (nao começando nem terminando com este)

 A domain name can have many labels (or components)
 exemplo: developer.mozilla.org (label2, label2, TLD)

 you can create "subdomains" in a domain
2- Buying a domain name
 you never own the domain nameInstead, you pay for the right to use a domain name for one or more years. You can renew your right, and your renewal has priority over other people's applications.

 For instance, every domain name under .fire is managed by Amazon.

3-Finding an available domain name
 a-Go to a domain name registrar's website. Most of them provide a "whois" service that tells you whether a domain name is available.
 b- Alternatively, if you use a system with a built-in shell, type a whois command into it, as shown here for mozilla.org: whois mozilla.org

4-Getting a domain name
 Go to a registrar's website.
 Usually there is a prominent "Get a domain name" call to action. Click on it.
 Fill out the form with all required details. Make sure, especially, that you have not misspelled your desired domain name. Once it's paid for, it's too late!
 The registrar will let you know when the domain name is properly registered. Within a few hours, all DNS servers will have received your DNS information.
